Not all SVG files will work (at least, for now). The files I used for this were created by converting PNGs to SVGs via a free adobe website (adobe.com/express/feature/image/convert/png-to-svg or adobe.com/express/feature/image/convert/jpg-to-svg) and minified using another website (svgminify.com). Notably, the files created by this website utilize the w3.org/2000/svg xmlns. They also contain paths consisting purely of cubic Bezier curves. Whether or not this will be updated to support more SVGs more generally (or other file types, maybe) is as of right now entirely up in the air, as this whole thing is a quick helper made to facilitate a class project assignment.

To use this program, put your formatted svg file in the same directory as the main.py file. Create a file called ".env"; in this file, write out SVGPATH='filepath' where filepath can be substituted for the appropriate path. Then, simply run the python script. It will create or replace a file (out.txt) that contain the pastable equation lists for the color and the vector paths. Once these are pasted, select the color for the vector path to be the custom color defined by the color list, set to fill, and set opacity to 1 and line width to 0.

However, with larger SVG files, the method used (lists of equations and colors) will not work, because Desmos will not be able to handle such large expressions and will throw a nesting error (despite there being minimal nesting). To solve this, this program offers an alternative solution with an out.html file that utilizes the Desmos API to automatically color the vector paths. Unfortunately, this means that the equations cannot be pasted (at least not with color) in just any graph.